DOCS-3003: Add prerequisite of physically assembling hardware to components and services (#3540)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/components/motor/gpio-micro-rdk.md

You can configure [encoders](/components/encoder/) to work with `gpio` motors.
Find more information in the [encoded motor documentation](/components/motor/encoded-motor/).

To configure a DC motor as a component of your machine, first make sure the motor is wired to a suitable motor driver, which is in turn wired to the microcontroller.

> Connect the system to power if you want to test it while configuring.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

You can configure [encoders](/components/encoder/) to work with `gpio` motors.
Find more information in the [encoded motor documentation](/components/motor/encoded-motor/).

> To configure a DC motor as a component of your machine, first make sure the motor is wired to a suitable motor driver, which is in turn wired to the microcontroller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure a DC motor as a component of your machine, first make sure the motor is wired to a suitable motor driver, which is in turn wired to the microcontroller.
Connect the system to power if you want to test it while configuring.
```

Find more information in the [encoded motor documentation](/components/motor/encoded-motor/).

> To configure a DC motor as a component of your machine, first configure the [board](/components/board/) to which the motor driver is wired.
> Make sure to physically connect your motor to your machine's microcontroller and turn it on.

Reviewer 2: same applies here right? I haven't worked with microcontrollers.
```suggestion
To configure a DC motor as a component of your machine, first make sure the motor is wired to a suitable motor driver, which is in turn wired to the microcontroller.
Configure the [board](/components/board/esp32/) to which the motor driver is wired.
Then configure the motor:
```
